Resolves #604: Change "indexes need rebuilding" loggings to DEBUG and add a counter for it (#605)
FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer: docs/ReleaseNotes.md

* **Performance** Improvement 3 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Performance** Improvement 4 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)
* **Performance** Improvement 5 [(Issue #NNN)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/NNN)

> * **Feature** Added a counter counting indexes need to be rebuilt and changed related loggings to DEBUG [(Issue #604)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/604)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Feature** Added a counter counting indexes that need to be rebuilt and changed related logging to `DEBUG` [(Issue #604)](https://github.com/FoundationDB/fdb-record-layer/issues/604)
```

Author: Done.

Reviewer: Sorry for the nitpicking, but it looks like the "that" was added, but "loggings" -> "logging" and tick-marks around "DEBUG" were omitted.

Author: Thanks for pointing out! Fixed.
